<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->


<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.12)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.7)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_actions"></a> [actions](#input\_actions)

Description: The list of actions that trigger the webhook to post notifications.

Type: `list(any)`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The location of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The parent resource ID for this resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_service_uri"></a> [service\_uri](#input\_service\_uri)

Description: The service URI for the webhook to post notifications.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_custom_headers"></a> [custom\_headers](#input\_custom\_headers)

Description: Custom headers that will be added to the webhook notifications.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_custom_headers_version"></a> [custom\_headers\_version](#input\_custom\_headers\_version)

Description: Version tracker for custom\_headers. Must be set when custom\_headers is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module. For more information see https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_scope"></a> [scope](#input\_scope)

Description: The scope of repositories where the event can be triggered. For example, 'foo:*' means events for all tags under repository 'foo'. 'foo:bar' means events for 'foo:bar' only. 'foo' is equivalent to 'foo:latest'. Empty means all events.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_service_uri_version"></a> [service\_uri\_version](#input\_service\_uri\_version)

Description: Version tracker for service\_uri. Must be set when service\_uri is provided.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_status"></a> [status](#input\_status)

Description: The status of the webhook at the time the operation was called.

Type: `any`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#output\_api\_version)

Description: The resource api version

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the created resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the created resource.

### <a name="output_system_data"></a> [system\_data](#output\_system\_data)

Description: Azure Resource Manager metadata containing createdBy and modifiedBy information.

### <a name="output_type"></a> [type](#output\_type)

Description: The resource type

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->