<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Container Registry Geo-Replications Module

This module creates geo-replicated copies of the container registry in additional Azure regions for an Azure Container Registry.

## Usage

```terraform
module "acr_replications" {
  source = "Azure/avm-res-containerregistry-registry/azurerm//modules/replications"

  name      = "westeurope"
  parent_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/myRegistry"
  location  = "westeurope"
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.12)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.7)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The location of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The parent resource ID for this resource.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module. For more information see https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_region_endpoint_enabled"></a> [region\_endpoint\_enabled](#input\_region\_endpoint\_enabled)

Description: Specifies whether the replication's regional endpoint is enabled. Requests will not be routed to a replication whose regional endpoint is disabled, however its data will continue to be synced with other replications.

Type: `bool`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_zone_redundancy"></a> [zone\_redundancy](#input\_zone\_redundancy)

Description: Whether or not zone redundancy is enabled for this container registry replication

Type: `any`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#output\_api\_version)

Description: The resource api version

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the created resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the created resource.

### <a name="output_status"></a> [status](#output\_status)

Description: The status of the replication at the time the operation was called.

### <a name="output_system_data"></a> [system\_data](#output\_system\_data)

Description: Azure Resource Manager metadata containing createdBy and modifiedBy information.

### <a name="output_type"></a> [type](#output\_type)

Description: The resource type

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->