<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Container Registry Connected Registries Module

This module manages connected registries for an Azure Container Registry.

## Usage

```terraform
module "acr_connected_registries" {
  source = "Azure/avm-res-containerregistry-registry/azurerm//modules/connected_registries"

  name      = "example"
  parent_id = "/subscriptions/.../providers/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/myRegistry"
  location  = "eastus"
  mode      = "ReadOnly"

  parent = {
    sync_properties = {
      message_ttl = "P1D"
      token_id    = "/subscriptions/.../providers/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/myRegistry/tokens/myToken"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.12)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.7)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The location of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_mode"></a> [mode](#input\_mode)

Description: The mode of the connected registry resource that indicates the permissions of the registry.

Type: `any`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent"></a> [parent](#input\_parent)

Description: The parent of the connected registry.

- `id` - The resource ID of the parent to which the connected registry will be associated.
- `sync_properties` - The sync properties of the connected registry with its parent.
  - `message_ttl` - The period of time for which a message is available to sync before it is expired. Specify the duration using the format P[n]Y[n]M[n]DT[n]H[n]M[n]S as per ISO8601.
  - `schedule` - The cron expression indicating the schedule that the connected registry will sync with its parent.
  - `sync_window` - The time window during which sync is enabled for each schedule occurrence. Specify the duration using the format P[n]Y[n]M[n]DT[n]H[n]M[n]S as per ISO8601.
  - `token_id` - The resource ID of the ACR token used to authenticate the connected registry to its parent during sync.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    id = optional(string)
    sync_properties = object({
      message_ttl = string
      schedule    = optional(string)
      sync_window = optional(string)
      token_id    = string
    })
  })
```

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The parent resource ID for this resource.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_client_token_ids"></a> [client\_token\_ids](#input\_client\_token\_ids)

Description: The list of the ACR token resource IDs used to authenticate clients to the connected registry.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module. For more information see https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_garbage_collection"></a> [garbage\_collection](#input\_garbage\_collection)

Description: The garbage collection properties of the connected registry.

- `enabled` - Indicates whether garbage collection is enabled for the connected registry.
- `schedule` - The cron expression indicating the schedule that the connected registry will run garbage collection.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    enabled  = optional(bool)
    schedule = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_logging"></a> [logging](#input\_logging)

Description: The logging properties of the connected registry.

- `audit_log_status` - Indicates whether audit logs are enabled on the connected registry.
- `log_level` - The verbosity of logs persisted on the connected registry.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    audit_log_status = optional(any)
    log_level        = optional(any)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_notifications_list"></a> [notifications\_list](#input\_notifications\_list)

Description: The list of notifications subscription information for the connected registry.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_activation"></a> [activation](#output\_activation)

Description: The activation properties of the connected registry.

### <a name="output_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#output\_api\_version)

Description: The resource api version

### <a name="output_last_activity_time"></a> [last\_activity\_time](#output\_last\_activity\_time)

Description: The last activity time of the connected registry.

### <a name="output_login_server_host"></a> [login\_server\_host](#output\_login\_server\_host)

Description: The host of the connected registry. Can be FQDN or IP.

### <a name="output_login_server_tls"></a> [login\_server\_tls](#output\_login\_server\_tls)

Description: The TLS properties of the connected registry login server.

### <a name="output_login_server_tls_certificate"></a> [login\_server\_tls\_certificate](#output\_login\_server\_tls\_certificate)

Description: The certificate used to configure HTTPS for the login server.

### <a name="output_login_server_tls_certificate_location"></a> [login\_server\_tls\_certificate\_location](#output\_login\_server\_tls\_certificate\_location)

Description: Indicates the location of the certificates.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the created resource.

### <a name="output_parent_sync_properties_gateway_endpoint"></a> [parent\_sync\_properties\_gateway\_endpoint](#output\_parent\_sync\_properties\_gateway\_endpoint)

Description: The gateway endpoint used by the connected registry to communicate with its parent.

### <a name="output_parent_sync_properties_last_sync_time"></a> [parent\_sync\_properties\_last\_sync\_time](#output\_parent\_sync\_properties\_last\_sync\_time)

Description: The last time a sync occurred between the connected registry and its parent.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the created resource.

### <a name="output_status_details"></a> [status\_details](#output\_status\_details)

Description: The list of current statuses of the connected registry.

### <a name="output_system_data"></a> [system\_data](#output\_system\_data)

Description: Azure Resource Manager metadata containing createdBy and modifiedBy information.

### <a name="output_type"></a> [type](#output\_type)

Description: The resource type

### <a name="output_version"></a> [version](#output\_version)

Description: The current version of ACR runtime on the connected registry.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->