<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Container Registry Pipeline Runs Module

This module manages pipeline run operations for import/export pipelines for an Azure Container Registry.

## Usage

```terraform
module "acr_pipeline_runs" {
  source = "Azure/avm-res-containerregistry-registry/azurerm//modules/pipeline_runs"

  name      = "my-pipeline-run"
  parent_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/myRegistry"
  location  = "eastus"
  request = {
    pipeline_resource_id = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/myResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/registries/myRegistry/importPipelines/example"
    artifacts            = ["hello-world:latest"]
  }
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.12)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.7)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The location of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The parent resource ID for this resource.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module. For more information see https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_force_update_tag"></a> [force\_update\_tag](#input\_force\_update\_tag)

Description: How the pipeline run should be forced to recreate even if the pipeline run configuration has not changed.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_request"></a> [request](#input\_request)

Description: The request parameters for a pipeline run.

- `artifacts` - List of source artifacts to be transferred by the pipeline.  Specify an image by repository ('hello-world'). This will use the 'latest' tag. Specify an image by tag ('hello-world:latest'). Specify an image by sha256-based manifest digest ('hello-world@sha256:abc123').
- `catalog_digest` - The digest of the tar used to transfer the artifacts.
- `pipeline_resource_id` - The resource ID of the pipeline to run.
- `source` - The source properties of the pipeline run.
  - `name` - The name of the source.
  - `type` - The type of the source.
- `target` - The target properties of the pipeline run.
  - `name` - The name of the target.
  - `type` - The type of the target.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    artifacts            = optional(list(string))
    catalog_digest       = optional(string)
    pipeline_resource_id = optional(string)
    source = optional(object({
      name = optional(string)
      type = optional(any)
    }))
    target = optional(object({
      name = optional(string)
      type = optional(any)
    }))
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#output\_api\_version)

Description: The resource api version

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the created resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the created resource.

### <a name="output_response"></a> [response](#output\_response)

Description: The response of a pipeline run.

### <a name="output_system_data"></a> [system\_data](#output\_system\_data)

Description: Azure Resource Manager metadata containing createdBy and modifiedBy information.

### <a name="output_type"></a> [type](#output\_type)

Description: The resource type

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->